fix: set platform version to make prisma compatible with M1 (#92)
ourjapanlife/findadoc-server: README.md

docker compose up
```

> 3. Run the migrations
> ```sh
> yarn prisma migrate dev
> ```
> 
> 4. Run the seeds
> ```sh
> yarn prisma db seed
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Docker compose does migrations and seeding this internally so you don't need to run it again as part of the Database setup.

Can we instead make a section like so
```suggestion
### Database and ORM commands

Re-run migrations with `yarn prisma migrate dev`

Create a new migration by:
1. Editing schema.prisma and save
2. Run `yarn prisma migrate  dev --name snake_case_title`
3. Before running the backend, regenerate the Prisma Client with `yarn prisma generate`

```

Sadly I can't do triple-backticks in the suggestion section or Markdown has a parsing fit, but feel free to adjust further if you like.

Lastly, seeding shouldn't be something we regularly need to run so probably fine to skip here as it's dockerized.
